you are to blame entirely for the state
of your life but you also can be the
Savior that you need to turn your
behaviors around and achieve the things
you want to achieve so if you feel stuck
as stupid and trite and overly
simplistic as this sounds this really is
the truth you just need to get moving
you need to set a goal where do I want
to be and then simply walk the path to
getting there now why don't most people
do it because it hurts because it's
scary because it's the unknown because
they want to look cool as they walk the
path you won't you're going to look like
an idiot you're going to embarrass
yourself but you're going to get better
every day and if you start looking at
your life through the increment of years
all of a sudden you will be
unrecognizable to yourself so stop
worrying about what other people are
going to think as you walk down this
road and remember what you're doing is
accumulating power get after it